Add Mobility category and the following companies (#339)
marmelo/tech-companies-in-portugal: README.md

| Company | Description | Locations |
| :------ | :---------- | :-------- |

> | [Amenitiz](https://www.amenitiz.com/) [:rocket:](https://careers.amenitiz.io/) | Hotel Management Software | `Remote` |

Author: I've been in a recruiting process with all the companies I've added, that's how I know they are hiring in Portugal. Some may not have employees yet in Portugal but all are open to it.

> | [Amenitiz](https://www.amenitiz.com/) [:rocket:](https://careers.amenitiz.io/) | Hotel Management Software | `Remote` |

Reviewer: Thanks @jcoelho93!

| [Criteria Marathon](https://www.criteriamarathon.com/) | Software Engineering and Information Technologies in the Medical Sector. | `Porto` |
| [iLoF](https://ilof.tech/) | Revolutionizing Alzheimer’s drug discovery using bio-photonics and AI. | `Porto` |
| [LetsGetChecked](https://www.letsgetchecked.com/) [:rocket:](https://boards.eu.greenhouse.io/letsgetchecked/) | The future of healthcare starts at home. | `Porto` `Remote` |

> | [Nutrium](https://www.nutrium.com/) [:rocket:](https://nutrium.factorialhr.pt/) | Nutrition platform for improving eating habits around the world. | `Braga` `Lisboa` `Remote` |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| [Nutrium](https://www.nutrium.com/) [:rocket:](https://nutrium.recruitee.com/) | Nutrition platform for improving eating habits around the world. | `Braga` `Lisboa` `Remote` |
```

| [Malvern Panalytical](https://www.malvernpanalytical.com/) [:rocket:](https://spectris.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/Malvern_Panalytical_Careers) | Laboratory analytical instruments design and manufacturing. | `Maia` |
| [Relex Solutions](https://www.relexsolutions.com/) [:rocket:](https://www.relexsolutions.com/careers/) | The market-leading supply chain & retail planning platform. | `Lisboa` |

## Mobility :bike:

| Company | Description | Locations |
| :------ | :---------- | :-------- |
| [FAIRTIQ](https://fairtiq.com/) [:rocket:](https://fairtiq.com/en/careers) | Public transport electronic tickets | `Remote` |

> | [Stratio](https://stratioautomotive.com/) [:rocket:](https://careers.stratioautomotive.com/) | Predictive fleet maintenance platform | `Lisboa` `Coimbra` `Remote` |

Author: I hadn't noticed. Moved to Mobility category
